acceptance my name is marina
so tromping years and little children read
some don't read at all of course
want interesting informative book and
Today I will tell you one of the best books
which can be forgiven over the years that way the book
called polyana is a book about a girl
who killed her parents and she moved
live to my aunt for this time she started
very many dating feature this
girls was in that it was always
I'm glad for something
every time I fell into contact with someone
she talked about her game that
came up with the father the game was
to rejoice in spite of the fact that
to rejoice, it seems, nothing has begun this
crats crutches crutches girl's leg
then I really wanted a doll and a dad
asked the woman who collected
The donation board noted that
no one sacrificed dolls so instead
poking sends small crutches
she wrote that they too can
useful you probably think what
you can rejoice here you can rejoice
the fact that they are ideally southern and that's the whole
cunning
Glade thought and will put in the room
with beautiful carpets pictures but when
Polyana saw a room in the attic
but first upset at once
remembered her game she started
rejoice that from her window so beautiful
kinds that i don't need what pictures she
I was glad that there was no mirror in her room
because now she can't see
your freckles
she just did not like them girl revived
mrs but who has been all the time
distressed on something lay open with
closed curtains and all the while moaning
It was all the time with something unhappy when
this girl appeared everything changed
the whole city found out about this game she
met strangers who
never no one was talking and
the lianas and the words of his life are his joys
Books are now sold in few places, but I
for example found on the internet and printed
The author of this book is Eleanor Porter.
first fans of this book have long been
not grandparents, but great-grandmothers and
recognized grandfathers
children's literature most prestigious
publisher so much
This is me next to such works as
small women or silver skates
and mary dodge
so I give you a task to read
over the years and 3
these books on whether she is small women and
silver skates thank you all for
view do not forget to read and all for now